Earth.
Fire.
Air.
Water.
When I was a boy. my father. Avatar Aang.
told me the story of how he and his friends
heroically ended the Hundred Year War.
Avatar Aang and Fire Lord
Zuko transformed the Fire
Nation colonies into the
United Republic of Nations.
a society where benders and
non-benders from all over the world.
could live and thrive together
in peace and harmony.
They named the capital of this
great land. Republic City.
Avatar Aang accomplished many
remarkable things in his life.
But sadly. his time in
this world came to an end.
And like the cycle of the seasons.
the cycle of the Avatar. began anew.
The White Lotus has honored my
family by coming. Thank you.
Welcome.
We have investigated many claims.
both here and in the Northern Tribe.
All have turned out to be false.
Then you should be happy to know.
your search has come to an end.
What makes you so sure
your daughter is the one?
Korra! Please come in here!
I'm the Avatar! You gotta deal with it!
She's strong.
She lacks restraint.
Hey. why all the doom and gloom. people?
We should be celebrating!
Three elements down. one to go!
You're getting ahead of
yourself as usual. Korra.
We haven't decided if you passed
your firebending test yet.
Ever since you were a little girl. you've
excelled at the physical side of bending.
but completely ignored the spiritual side.
The Avatar must master both.
I haven't ignored it. it just
doesn't come as easy to me.
But that's why I should start training with
Tenzin immediately. He's Mister Spiritual.
Do you think she's ready. Master Katara?
Yes. If anyone can teach her what
she needs to learn. it's Tenzin.
Very well. Korra. It's time for you
to begin your airbending training.
Yes! Finally!
I mean. thank you all for believing in me.
Naga. you should have seen it!
I kicked some firebender
butt. and I passed!
Tenzin will be here in a few days.
Just taking Naga out for a stroll.
Don't worry. we're not going far.
Naga. go!
Better girl. Go! Go! Go!
Are we there yet? Are we there yet?
Are we there yet? It looks like we're there.
I know it. this is very familiar!
Are we here yet? Are we here yet?
Ooh. please tell me we're here!
Yes. Ikki. as I've been telling
you for the last fifteen minutes.
we are. finally. here.
Hello. mother.
I can't tell you how happy I am to see you.
Please. help me.
Unhand me. strange woman!
That's your grandmother. Meelo.
It's so good to see all of you.
Gran Gran. I've been reading
all about your old adventures.
I've been dying to ask you.
what happened to Zuko's mom?
Well. Jinora. it's an incredible tale!
Gran Gran. you look old. How old are you?
And why is it so cold in the South Pole?
Can we make a campfire.
and all hurdle around it.
and tell scary stories. and make snowmen?
And then can you make the snowmen
move with waterbending and chase us?
Wouldn't that be fuuun? Huh? Wouldn't it?
Pema. let me help you.
Careful now. careful.
Stop doting on me.
I'm not helpless. I'm just pregnant.
The baby's strong.
I see another airbender in your future.
All I want is one child
like me. a nice non-bender.
who doesn't blast wind in
my face every five seconds.
Mommy. look. I am a snowbender!
Were Tenzin and his siblings
this crazy when they were kids?
Kya and Bumi certainly were. but Tenzin
is always been... rather serious.
Mother. please.
Korra? Look at you. so big and strong.
You've grown into quite the young Avatar.
Master Tenzin. I'm so glad you're
here. I can't wait to get started.
Yes. well...
You're going to have to
tell her sooner or later.
Tell me what?
You're not staying. are you?
I'm afraid not. We're only visiting for the night.
Then I have to return to Republic City.
But. you're supposed to move here.
You're supposed to teach me.
I'm sorry. Korra. Your airbending
training is going to have to wait.
So. how long until you're ready to
teach me airbending? A week? A month?
It could be much longer.
I don't understand.
Why are you making me wait?
I have a responsibility to Republic City.
I am one of its leaders. and the situation
there is very unstable right now.
But you also have a
responsibility to teach me.
Believe me. I'd be happy to find another
airbending master. but you're the only one.
We're stuck with each other.
I wish there were another way.
Wait. there is! If you can't stay here. then
I'll go back to Republic City with you!
It's perfect!
Absolutely not!
The city is far too dangerous.
Avatar Aang tasked us with keeping you
safe while you mastered the four elements.
I get that. but I don't think
keeping me locked up in
this compound like a prisoner
is what he had in mind.
I know this is difficult to accept.
but it's not the right time
for you to come to the city.
Whatever.
Goodbye. Gran Gran!
Oogi. yip-yip!
Nice night for an escape. isn't it?
I have to leave.
I have to find my own path as the Avatar.
I know you do.
Aang's time has passed.
My brother. and many of my friends are gone.
It's time for you. and your
generation to take over the
responsibility of keeping peace.
and balance in the world.
And I think you're going
to be a great Avatar.
Thank you.
Goodbye. Korra.
Mom. dad....
I'll miss you.
We love you so much.
Naga. we're here!
Thanks for the ride!
Wow. look at this place.
I've never seen so many Satomobiles!
Air Temple Island.
That's where Tenzin lives.
You ready for a little swim. girl?
Okay. okay! Food first. then air temple!
Watch out. Naga! Look out!
Watch where you're going!
Whoops. sorry about that.
Excuse us. Coming through.
Heads up. Eh. sorry. we're new in town.
Naga. wait.
We'll take one of everything. please.
That will be twenty yuans.
Uh... I don't have any money?
Then what good are you to me?
Don't worry. girl. The city's huge.
I bet we could find a place to
rustle up something to eat.
Uh. say. think I can I get one
of them tasty-smelling fishies?
Oh. uh. yeah. sure.
So. do you... live in that bush?
Yes. presently that is what I do call home.
Took me a while to procure
a bush that beauteous.
This park is quite popular
with all the vagabonds.
So there are a lot of you out here?
I thought everyone in this city was "living it up".
Hey. you've got a lot to learn newcomer.
Welcome to Republic City.
Hey you!
Stop! You can't fish here!
You best skedaddle!
Are you tired of living under the tyranny of benders!
Then join the Equalists!
For too long the bending
elite of this city have
forced non-benders to live
as lower class citizens.
Join Amon. and together we will tear
down the bending establishment.
What are you talking about?
Bending is the coolest thing in the world.
Oh yeah? Let me guess: You're a bender.
Yeah. I am.
Then I bet you'd just love to knock me off
this platform with some waterbending. huh?
I'm seriously thinking about it.
This is what's wrong with this city!
Benders like this girl only use
their power to oppress us!
Yeah! Get out of here!
What? I'm not oppressing anyone! You're...
you're oppressing yourselves!
That didn't even make sense.
Excuse me. I think I'm lost.
How do I get to Air
Temple Island from here?
Just head down this street.
You should get moving. young lady.
It isn't safe.
Mr. Chung. please tell me
that you have my money.
or else I can't guarantee I can
protect your fine establishment.
I'm sorry. business has been slow.
Please. take one of my phonographs.
My friend here is not a music lover.
Give me the money. or else...
Or else what. hoodlum?
Since you're obviously fresh off the
boat. let me explain a couple things.
You're in Triple Threat Triad territory. and
we're about to put you. in the hospital.
You're the only ones who
are gonna need a hospital.
and. for your sake. I
hope there's one nearby.
Who do you think you are?
Why don't you come and find out?
What just happened?
Did she just earthbend?
Can she firebend too?
Could she be...
Got an idea about who I am now. chumps?
Come on!
You're not getting away!
Police! Freeze where you are!
Cool! Metalbenders!
I caught the bad guys for you. officers.
Arrest them!
You're under arrest. too.
What do you mean I'm under arrest?
Those are the bad guys over there!
They were smashing up the shop!
From the looks of it. you smashed
up a lot more than that.
Wait. you can't arrest me! Let me explain!
You can explain all you
like. down at headquarters.
Let's see.
Multiple counts of destruction
of private and city property.
not to mention evading arrest...
You're in a whole mess
of trouble. young lady.
But there were some thugs threatening a
helpless shopkeeper. and I had it...
Can it! You should have called the
police and stayed out of the way.
But I couldn't just sit by and do nothing.
It's my duty to help people.
See. I'm the Avatar.
Oh. I am well aware of who you are.
And your Avatar title might
impress some people. but not me.
All right. fine. Then I want to
talk to whoever's in charge.
You're talking to her. I am Chief Beifong.
Wait. Beifong? Lin Beifong?
You're Toph's daughter!
What of it?
Well then. why are you
treating me like a criminal?
Avatar Aang and your mother were friends.
They saved the world together.
That's ancient history.
And it's got diddly-squat to do
with the mess you're in right now.
You can't just waltz in here and doll out
vigilante justice like you own the place.
Chief. Councilman Tenzin is here.
Let him in.
Tenzin. sorry...
I got a little sidetracked
on my way to see you.
Lin. you are looking radiant as usual.
Cut the garbage. Tenzin.
Why is the Avatar in Republic City?
I thought you were supposed to be moving
down to the South Pole to train her.
My relocation has been delayed.
The Avatar on the other hand
will be heading back to
the South Pole immediately.
where she will stay put.
But...
If you would be so kind as to
drop the charges against Korra.
I will take full responsibility for today's
regrettable events and cover all the damages.
Fine. Get her out of my city.
Always a pleasure. Lin. Let's go. Korra.
Tenzin. please. don't send me back home.
You blatantly disobeyed my wishes
and the orders of the White Lotus.
Katara agreed with me that I should come!
She said my destiny is in Republic City.
Don't bring my mother into this!
Look. I can't wait any longer
to finish my training.
Being cooped up and hidden away from the world
isn't helping me become a better Avatar.
I saw a lot of the city today.
and it's totally out of whack.
I understand now why you need to stay.
Republic City does need you. But it needs me. too.
You...
Is this your polar bear dog. miss?
Korra!
Are you coming to live
with us on the island?
No. I'm sorry. Ikki. I have to go home.
Wait.
I have done my best to guide
Republic City towards the
dream my father had for
it. but you're right.
It has fallen out of
balance since he passed.
I thought I should put off
your training in order
to uphold his legacy.
but you are his legacy.
You may stay and train
airbending here with me.
Republic City needs its Avatar once again.
Yes! Thank you! You're the best!
Hello? I'm Korra.
I'm Korra. your new Avatar.
Does this mean you've
moved to Republic City?
Were you trying to send a message
to the Triads yesterday?
Will you be fighting crime or the
Anti-bending Revolution. or both?
Will you be working with Chief
Beifong and the police?
Uh... yes. I am definitely here to stay. but
honestly I-I don't exactly have a plan yet.
See. I'm still in training.
but. look. all I know is
Avatar Aang meant for this city to be the
center of peace and balance in the world.
and I believe we can
make history a reality.
I look forward to serving you!
I'm so happy to be here.
Thank you. Republic City!
All right. that's all
the questions the Av...
Amon. how do you wanna handle this?
So. the Avatar has arrived early.
It looks like we'll have to accelerate our plans.
And. in the final round. the Buzzard
Wasps won with a decisive knockout!
What do you say we go to the arena tonight.
catch a few pro-bending matches?
That sport is a mockery of the
noble tradition of bending.
Come on Tenzin!
I've dreamed about seeing a
pro-bending match since I was
a kid and now I'm just a ferry
ride away from the arena.
Korra. you're not here to watch that drivel.
You're here to finish your Avatar training.
So for the time being I want
you to remain on the island.
Is that why you're keeping the White Lotus
sentries around to watch my every move?
Yes.
In order to learn airbending I
believe you require a calm.
quiet environment - free
from any distractions.
All right. you're the master.
So. my mother informed me that you've
never been able to airbend before.
Yeah. but I don't know why.
The other elements came so easily to me.
But every single time I've
tried airbending; Nothing.
That's perfectly alright.
You just need to be patient.
Often the element that's most
difficult for the Avatar to
master is the one most opposite
to the Avatar's personality.
For Aang it was earthbending.
Well I'm about as opposite
an airbender as you can get.
Let's begin your first lesson.
Korra's gonna' airbend!
What on earth is that contraption?
A time honored tool that teaches the
most fundamental aspect of airbending.
Jinora. would you like to
explain this exercise?
The goal is to weave your
way through the gates and
make it to the other side
without touching them.
Seems easy enough.
Jinora forgot to say that you have to get
through while the gates are spinning.
The key is to be like the leaf.
Flow - with the movement of the gates.
Jinora will demonstrate.
Airbending is all about spiral movements.
When you meet resistance. you must be able
to switch direction at a moment's notice.
Let's do this!
Don't force your way through!
Dance! Dance like the wind!
Be the leaf...
Airbend!
What is wrong with me? Airbend!
Maybe I'm just not cut out to
be an airbender. huh Naga?
Ladies and gentlemen!
I'm coming to you live from Republic City's
pro-bending arena - where tonight the best
in the world continue their quest for a spot
in the upcoming championship tournament.
Grab your snacks and grab your kids because
this next match is gonna' be a doozie!
This Mako's got moxy!
He advances. fires two quick shots.
Yomo is hammered back to zone three!
The clock is winding down. can Yomo hold on?
He's teetering on the edge of the ring now.
The Fire Ferrets line up to strike!
Korra. come down here please!
You shut it off at the best part!
I thought I made myself clear.
I don't want you listening to this distracting nonsense.
But it's their radio.
And technically you said I
couldn't watch a match.
you didn't say anything
about listening to one.
You... You know what I meant!
Anyway shouldn't y- Shouldn't
you be in bed by now!
I think I'm doing it wrong.
There's nothing to do.
Let your mind and your spirit be free.
for air is the element of freedom.
Is something funny?
Yeah. you're telling me to embrace freedom but
you won't even let me listen to the radio.
And forget about leaving this island!
Please. Korra.
Look at Meelo. he's able
to meditate peacefully.
Actually. I think he's asleep.
What?! Well. at least he has
the relaxing part down.
Whatever. None of this airbending
stuff makes any sense to me.
I know you're frustrated. but these
teachings will sink in over time.
Then one day. they'll just click.
Yeah. it's not sinking in yet.
I'm gonna get a glass of lychee juice.
Korra. the meditation's not over yet!
Daddy. can I have some lychee juice too?
No.
Hey. what're you doin' in my gym?
Uh. I was just looking for a
bathroom when I got lost.
Ah. the old "I had to pee" excuse!
You know. I'm sick and tired of you
kids sneakin' in without payin'!
I'm taking you to security!
No. wait!
There you are!
I've been looking everywhere for you!
It's all right Toza. she's with me.
Yeah. I'm with him.
So. you see. we're together.
Well. not together together.
more like friends.
Right. friends.
No. no. I didn't mean to imply.
Oh. you implied it.
Ah. I don't care what you are!
I got work to do.
Ooh. right this way. miss.
Ah. thank you sir!
Seriously. thanks.
Whaddya think?
Best seats in the house. huh?
Wow! Unbelievable!
This place is even more
amazing than I imagined!
Name's Bolin. by the way.
Korra.
Bolin.
Yeah.
I told you. You have to stop bringing your
crazy fangirls in here before the matches.
Get her out of here.
Come on. Mako!
Right. look. I kinda
promised her she could stay.
but man. I got a good feeling.
there's somethin' special about her.
I know it!
Come here. I want you to
meet my brother. Mako.
Mako? Wow. I- I heard you
playing on the radio.
Come on. Bolin. we're up.
Or I could meet him later.
Yeah. sorry about that.
My brother just gets real focused before a match.
Okay. I gotta go. wish me luck.
Not... that I'll need it.
Good luck. Knock 'em out!
Introducing the Fire Ferrets!
I love you Bolin.
The rookie Ferrets came from
out of nowhere and have
made it further than anyone
expected this season.
But tonight they face their
toughest test yet folks.
And theyﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢re off. The two teams waste no time
trying to blast each other out of zone 1.
Hasook is the first to feel
the heat of the Tigerdilloes.
he tries to return the favor
but theyﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢re too fast for him.
While Mako showcases his
trademark cool under fire style.
The Tigerdilloes score with
a walloping one-two combo.
Can the teammate hold on
to their zone 1 territory...
guess not. Makoﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢s over the line.
The Tigerdilloes get the green line
and advance into Ferret territory.
Come on Ferrets!
Lookﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢s like Hasookﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢s in trouble.
Heﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢s in zone 3 teetering over the drink.
And Hasook takes a dip.
Heﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢ll be back for round two.
Assuming the fabulous bending brothers can
hold their ground until he next round.
Round 1 goes to the Golden
Temple Tigerdilloes!
Come on Hasook get your act together!
The Fire Ferrets are knocked into
zone 2 and the Tigerdilloes advance.
The Fire Ferrets sinch the round in the
closing seconds. Thatﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢s one a piece.
Still anyoneﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢s match as we go
into the third and final round.
Hasook stumbles and now he
tumbles right into his teammate.
He and Bolin better untangle quick
if they donﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢t want toﾃ｢竄ｬ窶抂h too late!
Oh no!
Itﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢s all up to Mako now.
heﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢s bobbing and weaving.
heﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢s weaving and bobbing
but heﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢s not hitting back!
If Makoﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢s knocked out the
Ferretsﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢ fabulous season is over.
He is dancing on the edge of the ring
surviving the three on one barrage.
It seems his plan is to let the
Tigerdilloes punch themselves out.
And his plan is working.
Han is in the pool!
Theyﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢ve got nothing left in the
tank and Mako is on the offensive!
Itﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢s two on one. scratch that itﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢s one on one.
And itﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢s an Earth and Fire slugfest!
Thereﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢s so much smoke and dust from the fire
and I canﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢t even see where the Fire Ferret is.
It's a knock-out!
What a win they had a hat trick folks!
Mako pulls off the upset of the season
winning the match for the Fire Ferrets!
Woohoo! Yes! One more win and weﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢re
in the championship tournament!
So. whatﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢d ya think Korra?
Bolinﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢s got some moves huh?
What did I think? What did I think?
That was amazing!
You did more harm than good out there.
You almost cost us the match.
We won didnﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢t we?
Barely.
Get off my case pal.
Useless.
You guys were incredible out there.
Especially you Mr. Hatrick.
Oh youﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢re still hereﾃ｢竄ｬﾂｦ
Oh youﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢re still a jerkﾃ｢竄ｬﾂｦ.anyway.
Anyway. Iﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢ve been immersed in bending my whole
life but I never learned to move like that.
Itﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢s like thereﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢s a whole new style here.
Think you could show me a few tricks?
Absolutely!
Right now? Come on Bolin.
Just ignore him.
Yeah I could show you the basics.
Iﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢m just not sure how my
Earthbending would translate
to your Waterbending but
weﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢ll figure it out.
Wonﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢t be a problem. Iﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢m
actually an Earthbender.
Iﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢m sorry! No. no I didnﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢t mean to assume...
I was just figuring.
with your Water Tribe get up
that you are a Water Tribe gal.
No youﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢re right.
Iﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢m a Waterbender and a Firebender.
Iﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢m very confused right now.
Youﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢re the Avatar and Iﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢m an idiot.
Both are true.
No wayﾃ｢竄ｬﾂｦ The Avatar!
Alright. Letﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢s see what you got.
That was great! Good power!
But in a real match youﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢d be a sitting turtleduck.
Not so upright and flatfooted.
Stay light on your toes
right up until the moment
when you need to dig in and strike.
Then...
Okay. let me try it again.
Wow! Nice adjustment.
Youﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢re a natural at this!
Not bad.
Whatﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢s it take to impress this guy?
What? I said not bad.
You know what. itﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢s getting late.
I think Iﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢m gonna turn in. You kids have fun.
Nice to meet you Avatar Korra.
Yeah real pleasure.
See you upstairs bro.
Upstairs? You guys live here?
Yeah. in the attic. itﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢s nothing fancy but
we have great views. But back to bending.
So. back to bending. Why donﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢t you
throw that combination one more time.
Patience Korra!
That was a 2000 year old historical
treasureﾃ｢竄ｬﾂｦwhatﾃ｢竄ｬﾂｦwhat is wrong with you?!
Thereﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢s nothing wrong with me!
Iﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢ve been practicing just like you taught me!
But it isnﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢t sinking in okay!
It hasnﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢t clicked like you said it would!
Korra this isnﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢t something you can force.
If you would only listen to meﾃ｢竄ｬﾂｦ
I have been!
But you know what I think?
Maybe the problem isnﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢t me.
maybe the reason I havenﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢t learned Airbending
yet is because youﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢re a terrible teacher.
Yeah youﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢re a terrible teacher Daddy!
Okay! Everyone here? Waitﾃ｢竄ｬﾂｦwhereﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢s Korra?
Honestly Pema. I am at my witﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢s
end with that girl. I...
I donﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢t know how to get through to her.
Dear the best thing you can do right
now is give Korra some space.
You must promise me that your
teenage years wonﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢t be like this.
I will make no such promises.
I didnﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢t miss your match did I?
You guys look like you lost already.
We might as well have.
Hasookﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢s a no good no show.
You got two minutes to come out ready
to play or youﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢re disqualified.
Well there goes our shot at the
tournament and the winnings.
Couldnﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢t you ask one of
those guys to fill in?
Nah. the rules say you can
only compete on one team.
Well thenﾃ｢竄ｬﾂｦhow about about me?
Iﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢m a topnotch Waterbender if I do say so myself.
But youﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢re the Avatarﾃ｢竄ｬﾂｦisnﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢t that cheating?
It isnﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢t cheating if I
only do Waterbending.
No way. Iﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢d rather forfeit then
look like a fool out there.
Wow thanks for the vote of confidenceﾃ｢竄ｬﾂｦ
Timeﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢s up you in or out?
Weﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢re in.
We are?
Yes!
Hey I didnﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢t agree to this!
You can thank me later.
This girl is crazyﾃ｢竄ｬﾂｦ
Lookﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢s like the Fire Ferrets have ferreted
out a last minute replacement Waterbender.
Letﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢s see if sheﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢s another
diamond in the rough
like the brothers from the
school of hard knocks.
Donﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢t do anything too fancy or aggressive.
In fact. donﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢t do anything.
Just try not to get knocked off the ring.
You got it captain.
Players are you ready?
Whoo! Man overboard!
Fire Ferret Waterbender
penalty. move back one zone.
What? Why?
Youﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢re only allowed to knock players off
the back of the ring. not over the sides.
Ohﾃ｢竄ｬﾂｦwhoops.
And weﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢re back in action after that hiccup.
But Iﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢m not so sure this replacement
player knows what sheﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢s doing.
Fowl! Over the line!
Move back to zone three.
Ugh! Iﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢ll show you over the line.
The Platypus Bears take round 1.
The Platypus Bears know a green
player when they see one and
they are focusing the brunt of
their bending on this poor girl.
What a minute. did that
Waterbender just Earthbend?
Fowl!...I think.
Did I see that right?
Hold on folks weﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢re just waiting
for the Refereeﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢s official call.
but... I think this
replacement player could beﾃ｢竄ｬﾂｦ
Pardon me everyone. has anyone
seen Korra this evening.
Sheﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢s not in her room.
Youﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢ve gotta be kidding me! Sheﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢s the Avatar
folks. playing in a Pro-Bending match!
Can you believe that?
Iﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢ll get her myself!
The Avatar will be permitted to continue
so long as she solely bends water.
This girl may be the Avatar but
sheﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢s no Pro-Bender and the
Platypus Bears are intent on
exploiting that weakness.
Theyﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢re giving her their best and
her best is not enough to stop it.
Aaaaaannd... sheﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢s in the drink.
Oh hey Tenzinﾃ｢竄ｬﾂｦI thought you didnﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢t
like coming to these matches.
Once again you have flagrantly
disobeyed my orders.
You were to stay on the island. Letﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢s go.
No! Iﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢m kind of in the middle of something.
I have tried my very best to get
through to you by being gentle
and patient but clearly the only
thing you respond to is force.
So I am ordering you to come
back to the temple right now!
Why? So I can sit around and meditate
about how bad I am at Airbending?
You know Iﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢m beginning to think thereﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢s a
reason I havenﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢t been able to learn it.
because maybe I donﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢t even need!
What? That is a Ludacris suggestion!
The Avatar needs to learn
Airbending. it is not optional!
No. this is what I need to learn!
Modern styles of fighting!
Being the Avatar isnﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢t all about fighting Korra!
When will you learn that?
I have a match to go finish.
The Platypus Bears win round 2! Round 3!
The Platypus Bears come out of the gate
and quickly go after the Ferret brothers.
Theyﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢re corralled in the corner.
wedged in the edge of zone 1 unable to the
Avatarﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢s rescue and boy does she need it.
Looks like the Avatarﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢s Pro-Bending
debut is gonna be cut short
as sheﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢s pushed back to zone 3 and
the water is calling her name.
Itﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢s only a matter of time before...
Hold the phone. stop the presses!
Sheﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢s still in the game folks!
And sheﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢s moving like an
entirely different player!
Suddenly all of the Platypus Bear
strikes are only striking air.
How about thatﾃ｢竄ｬﾂｦ
The Platypus Bears have no juice left but
Mako and Bolin are still fresh and juicy.
Knock-out! The Fire Ferrets come from way
behind and steal the win!
What an upset folks!
The rookies. Avatar in tow. have nabbed
a place in the championship tournament!
I cannot believe it!
Yeah! Yes!
Korra. what can I say?
You really came alive in that last round.
The way you dodged their
attacksﾃ｢竄ｬﾂｦyou are a natural.
Thanks but I canﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢t take all the credit.
someone else taught me those moves.
Iﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢m really sorry about everything I said.
I was really frustrated with
myself and I took it out on you.
I think I owe an apology too. I was trying
to teach you about patience and I lost mine.
No hard feelings?
Of course not. By the way you were
really good out there tonight.
You moved just like an Airbender.
Wait... you stayed and watched?
I did. Pro-Bending turned out to be
the perfect teaching tool for you.
Iﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢ll see you tomorrow for Airbending
practice bright and early!
And by the way I kinda permanently
joined the Fire Ferrets
and weﾃ｢竄ｬ邃｢re playing in the
tournament in a couple of weeks!
Subtitle created by LEO33
Transcript by blak_cat
www.DonguFeng.net
www.tvsubtitles.net